well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about two people from a long long long
long time ago and what they can teach us
about success leaving your mark on the
world
changing the world today because they
both wanted to do that they both wanted
to leave their mark but they went about
it in very very very different ways and
they had very different outcomes we're
gonna do this because tonight earlier
tonight I was chatting with some people
that had just become active and it's
always great it's always very
invigorating our renewal because they're
ready you know they're ready to leave
their mark to change the world they're
ready to do it tonight that immediate
need they are ready to set the world on
fire and it is fantastic that idealism
is great may not always be the best
strategy though
so the first guy he was from a pretty
prominent political family however they
had fallen out of favor so he had to go
into hiding and along the way he was a
soldier a religious leader eventually
became a lawyer kind of how he got back
on his feet and when he was a lawyer he
was known for going after corrupt
government officials and prosecuting
them and he loved it
which is funny in its own way we had a
lot of setbacks along the way he saddled
with debt and a lot of problems with his
love life
he was once caught by pirates and you
know for the Pirates it's always the
same it's always the same I don't have
any money you know just let me go you'll
never see me again
not this guy not this guy though
captain's about to send out the
messenger to demand the price to return
him and he's like that's not enough
I think he'd ask at least twice that
much for me just understand when this is
all over I'm gonna come back and hunt
down okay captain sends out the message
er and does ask for twice as much this
guy meanwhile is not inspiring fear in
his captors he's laughing joking
working on speeches writing poetry not
really an intimidating figure eventually
the money shows up and they let him go
and then he comes back and and hunts
them all down and he goes on from there
and accomplishes a lot of stuff but he
had a lot of setbacks and it was a very
long road the other guy well
he was ready he was ready to set the
world on fire to leave his mark so he
dead he torched the Temple of Artemis
one of the many wonders of the ancient
world destroyed it one of those people
you know you know their name you may not
know those stories because the person
led such a wild and interesting life
that those are the stories that get cut
when people are making movies about him
was a long road the other thing is the
first guy he built something now granted
he did it on the back of a lot of
destruction but he built and he improved
the other guy that second guy he wanted
that immediate action that immediate
change to leave his mark and to be
remembered he wanted it now one person
that first person is remembered today
because he went on to have a fling with
Cleopatra
he ran Rome the first person Julius
Caesar the other person
I'm done really matter does it
if you're gonna change the Wold you've
chosen a pretty big battleground it's
gonna be a campaign it's gonna be a long
fight and you're gonna have to be in it
for a while you got to get your mind
around that now gotta get your mind
around that now because otherwise that
fire that you have it'll burn you up
it'll consume you there's a reason that
it's a running joke along among longtime
activists that activists have a three
year shelf life because it's exhausting
it is exhausting unless you get your
mind around it in the beginning that
it's going to be a long fight the
world's not going to change tomorrow not
completely there'll be little changes
every day
and you can make little improvements
every day but to get to where you're
going where you want to go it's a long
road it is a long road anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night